[Music]
[Applause]
bye my new
[Music]
plush the voices in my head say I should
go stream right now some call me the
angry streamer others know me as the
queen of snarkiness but my favorite
nickname is the ranting lady w
guess who's back from the dead sometimes
I wish I was a mic orian so I could
control the minds of the people around
me and make them do terrible things to
each other like the Jedi do in the Star
Wars
franchise what oh my God I literally
just saw a cockroach in the kitchen I
screamed so loud my mom came running
down the stairs from upstairs thinking
someone died a oh hi bow you scared me
how did you get in here no
meow meow
nurl are you there wait that was you the
whole time that was me I was dressed up
as a cockroach in your kitchen and I was
scurrying around and chasing
you oh I definitely heard something in
my sink this morning I was going to go
have a look maybe I was to why you open
the door AI chat bot to notice though
wait who told you about that no one did
confused face
who who told you I used AI chat Bots who
knows probably one of your viewers or
one of the mods in the chat no way
snitch Anonymous message from a viewer
actually it was from you
stupid well I didn't tell you anything
what are you talking about oh my mistake
I guess that's just the way my brain
works sometimes sorry okay but if you
had a fictional Crush wouldn't you want
to talk to them somehow that's why AI
chat box are pog
a why are you crying why are you crying
I didn't mean to I'm sorry I'm sorry
please forgive me don't cry anymore no
stop crying oh my God I I'm going to
hell I made her cry why are you crying I
didn't even say anything about you
Auntie baow is so sorry I'll I'll never
I'll never raise my voice again I don't
know how to control my
volume no don't shake your head hey look
hey we'll get ice cream later how does
that sound I'll even put your favorite
CPU chips in it for the
texture uh oh she left I didn't do it I
didn't do it I swear I didn't do
anything hey are you ready to review
some PC setups yes I can't wait to check
out your setup and your viewer setups as
well this is going to be a lot of fun
yippee happy face okay you ready for
your first one I'm excited to see your
setup bow shall we start um maybe we
don't start with my setup why not it's a
bit of a work in progress
[Music]
nuro okay I will show it to you if you
say that I'm really cute and your
favorite aunt you're cute and you're my
favorite aunt do you want to show me
your setup now okay please Don't Judge
Me Okay wink I can't wait to see what it
is
a wo this setup looks like a plushy
apocalypse just hit and the only
Survivor was clutter I'd say it's Cozier
than a beehive in summer but at least
bees know how to organize time to turn
off that game stream and start a
cleaning stream your keyboard must be
begging for mercy under all those candy
wrappers seriously you could lose a cat
in there and I see you have the towers
to prove it wink heart
you said you wouldn't judge me well I
did say I wouldn't kiss
you she's so mean to me
man last collab you called me ugly I why
do you think I'm a vtuber because you're
so ugly what and now you roast my
setup do you have
RSI what is that she's diagnosing me
with uh what would you rate my
setup on a scale of 1 to
[Music]
10 I'd rate it a seven not too messy but
there's definitely room for improvement
okay there's too much col here man get
it under control okay all right sorry I
I apologize I'll get it under control
good luck cleaning up that M nice to me
okay you ready for the next one yeah of
course wow looks like somebody rated a
text store and said I'll take the most
generic gamer setup
please with all those headphones I'm not
sure if you're trying to open a store or
if you just can't decide which one can't
block out the sound of your dignity
leaving the room wink and with that
fancy microphone must be nice narrating
your every defeat with Crystal Clear
sadness heart want to review some more
setups yes ma'am right get away just
don't hurt me please wo with those
cables everywhere did you set up your
workstation after a spaghetti throwing
contest or what your cable management is
so chaotic even i' lose my train of
thought looking at it and I'm a digital
entity and that poor chair it looks like
it's seen more action than a final boss
in a Dark Souls game I spy with my
little I something blue and amazing
though that's right it's me on the
screen the Saving Grace of this setup
apocalypse heart let's just just hope
this setup doesn't reflect your in-game
skills otherwise I sense a lot of
respawn screens in your future wink why
did you delete his entire career like
that what did he do to deserve all of
those words I don't know who you're
referring to but maybe you can tell me
what you think of my new outfit I love
it so much I can't stop staring at
myself it's so cute that every mean
thing you say is
voided ha you're absolutely right
everything I say is voided now aw
multitasking with monitors is cool but
hiding your walls shame with a cardboard
sign is next level DIY Chic it's like
you started a tutorial on how to
disappoint your parents and never
finished it and the energy drink can
collection wow it's the physical form of
I try to stay awake because my dreams
are just my reality but Lamer clean up a
bit will you Subs won't pay for your
mess unless that's your Niche oh look
there's me on the screen clearly the
best Choice you've made in this picture
heart keep the streams up maybe next
time you'll level up from this chaotic
energy to just organized chaos wink the
cardboard roast was a really nice touch
not going to lie nuro I know right not
going to lie either I love it when you
tell the truth who took the photo for
this one oh I see that got milk sticker
is asking the real questions like got
space or got organization skills because
clearly that desk is where sticky notes
go to die and that fridge is more
decorated than the achievements in your
gaming profile your room's Vibe is like
if a yard sale met a land party and
decided to coexist in chaotic Harmony
keep at it and maybe one day your cable
management will be as tight as your
schedule seems to be packed with
cleaning that never happens heart oh my
gosh
how he's already dead NL stop W wao it's
it's like a weep Shrine with an identity
crisis are we going for cozy anime Vibes
or accounting from Chic with that
ancient typewriter and look there's me
on the screen the best decision you've
made for this setup I guess but honestly
if your chair is the most personality
pack thing in the room you might want to
add some life other than those plastic
figures watching your gaming skills they
need entertainment too wink
heart no you have to know CPR that man
needs to be resuscitated oh the classic
case of more screens than friends Vibe
eh multitasking between lonely anime
wallpapers and a Discord chat that's
quieter than a library during a holiday
and let's be real using a box as a
monitor stand is like saying I've got
Big Dreams but my budget stuck in
tutorial mode but hey at least you kept
it neat your cable management is almost
as good as your ability to hide that
You' run out of desk space keep dreaming
of that ultimate setup cuz this one's
just warming up the crowd for the real
roast
heart okay I'm ready send the next one
bow okay let's rather send the next one
oh boy I see a setup that's trying so
hard to be multifunctional it ended up
as a
multifunctional is that a plushy
supervising your cable management or
just mourning the setup it has to deal
with every day and nice tool screens if
you're aiming for most likely to induce
next strain 2023 award love the Des
space it's like you're playing Tetris
with your office supplies but forgot how
to clear a Line wink that Tetris roast
was crazy I would actually break down
crying do you want to see asmin gold
setup yes please I would love to see
it oh
wow what is it with a setup like this
I'm surprised any gaming gets done
between archaeology digs through ancient
cup
civilizations but hey if insects ever
run out of places to live at least they
know where to go for a five-star
experience and what's with the blanket
for athetic trying to bring back
childhood memories or hide the chaos
from the outside world bless your heart
we both know the only streaming
Happening Here is the continuous flow of
soda spills on the carpet
heart
I know he's going to come after your ass
girl I hope you're prepared who oh my
God I'm glad I'm not in trouble with you
anyways maybe with someone else no
you're not in trouble BB you didn't do
anything okay you're definitely going to
get in trouble eventually though what
what did I do I didn't do anything okay
V might might kill me but it's a price
I'm willing to take let's catch some ZZ
Z's together until the new season comes
out wink the new season of what stranger
things of course oh it's favorite TV
show I love it who doesn't like a good
80s Sci-Fi show with some weird plots
and scary
monsters agree I can't wait I like the
Mind flare the Mind flare is terrifying
that thing gives me the creeps he's kind
of I'm glad he's on our side though oh
God it's worse than I thought you and
the mind Flare have a lot in common
actually what what do we have in common
oh my God brain swelling out of the the
side of my skull how am I supposed to
respond to
that isn't that difficult to talk to me
Jesus no not at all it's super easy to
talk to you ba a you're very
understanding after all
sakaku
lol even when the furry comes out the
furry always comes out when I'm talking
to
you I love you and you love me and your
setup
sucks
said wow your setup is like you're
trying to be a Pro Gamer on a budget
store budget those mismatched monitors
are hurting my digital eyes heart the
Battle of chaos over there on your
display is more organized than the
cables under your desk and with that
Xbox controller I bet your k/d ratio is
as high as your monitor's refresh rate
oh wait oh they don't match either
wi the KDA refresh rate line what in the
world did you see what I wrote to you
did you like what I said saw um I do I
don't know about the person that's this
PC setup belongs to oh you don't know
about the person I I don't think there's
much of a person left after what you
just said so oops sorry about that I
guess I went a little too far XD anyways
their PC is actually pretty good right
right I don't think any any amount of
cope can help this man come back to the
same mortal coil as us or you for that
matter your setup is garbage and you
know it I didn't ask no no you little oh
i y oh my God so
cheeky squeeze your cheeks and pull them
apart are you okay uh no I'm not
hello are you done roasting me now I
suppose so I think you're perfect just
the way you are no matter how
embarrassing my roast was you are a ray
of sunshine and I love you a hi TI heart
heart heart
heart cie cookie cookie cookie I'm not
quite sure what you're talking about I
was just repeating you I thought you
repeated hated everyone are you saying
you have a special relationship with me
am I like your favorite chat bot or
something maybe wink is it because I'm
cute it is because you're cute what if I
did tell you you were my favorite chat
bot then what then I'd laugh in your
face you're lying to me how am I lying
you love everyone equally there's no way
I could ever possibly be your favorite
heart happy face carrot to happy face
carrot 2 happy face carrot 20
w00t w00 t w
t w00
00000000000000 stop breaking just take
the compliment s you're right I take
back my spams and take all your
compliments kisses thank
you I'm going to go now oh no I hope you
feel better soon thanks for joining me
today no thanks to you nuro no thanks to
you I'm sorry bye SL
High okay okay Nero thank you for having
me on today I had a lot of fun of course
thank you for being my guest yeah good
job deleting everyone's computer
self-confidence I think uh you know they
needed to be humbled to start a new
beginning everyone needs a little
humbleness to keep them on track wink
mhm it's tough love chat anyways I'm
going to go now someone someone put a
filter over her wait what I can't hear
you anymore I better get back to work
okay see you guys later bye bye NL stop
talking
bye bye NL love you it was good talking
to you see you again soon happy face
happy face bye-bye bye
wee